OK.
So before we jump in let's define what this course is and what it isn't.
So we have a clear understanding of what we'll be getting out of it what it isn't is a how to draw or
even necessarily how to paint.
Course I'm not going to be going over really any of the structural part when it comes to the drawings.
You expect that I already have a basic drawing understanding this is going to be about how to understand
life and how to paint it accurately.
So that being said if you don't know how to draw super Well I would recommend brushing up on that first.
Or if you just want to learn some different lighting techniques that's fine too.
But this won't really be covering my full process from drying to finish painting we're only going to
be focusing on the lighting aspect of things.
Secondly as far as painting goes I will be teaching you different painting techniques but this isn't
going to be a beginning to end.
Here's how I paint an image type of course.
It's really mostly just focusing on all the different aspects of lighting.
Now I don't think that means that it doesn't have a lot of content.
There is much to cover when it comes to light and you'll definitely get your money's worth.
So don't be worried about that but just know that it's not so much focusing on the drawing and even
on the painting.
But much more on the light itself.
So keep that in mind.
Also another thing that this course is not is it's not really a software tutorial course so I will be
using pro-create for the iPad Pro.
However the information I'm giving you is pretty software agnostic so that if you're using Photoshop
or Krogh painter or sketchbook pro or whatever software you like to use or even if you're painting traditionally
the information is very transferable.
So I'm using pro-create you can use Photoshop and you'll be just fine.
However I'm not going to be going into detail about how to use any of the specific programs I'm not
going to be explaining how to use pro-create.
I will go over various tips and stuff and layer modes and stuff like that but I'm not going to be going
over every single tool and you're expected to have a basic knowledge of whatever software it is you
plan to use.
So keep that in mind as well.
What this course is besides awesome is all about light and color.
So what we will be covering is you know creating good color schemes understanding different types of
lighting situations from you know sunlight overcast light electric light stuff like that.
Understanding how life works.
And you know how to paint light when it's coming from different directions how different surfaces react
to light you know metal when light shines through leaves water or stuff like that.
Those are all things we'll be talking about we were talking about value hue saturation Croma all of
a thing so I just know that going in what you'll be getting out of it by the time you're finished you
should be able to take your current level of art and totally bring it to the next level and understand
the science of light.
The theory behind it the techniques that you need to be able to paint your life accurately there will
still be plenty of demo so that you can see how I do it and how I paint it.
And you'll still be able to get a lot out of it.
So don't let that discourage you.
Even if you maybe aren't the best Drori draftsmen I would still recommend taking it.
There's a lot that you can learn that will help you make your paintings a lot better just starting out
by the time you do start painting a drawing.
So that being said let's jump in and start painting our first thing.
So you guys the next one.